Noises have their own charm.
I pulled up the window pane and starred outside. Though it was already night and hardly anything was visible, I felt an unreal beauty hidden underneath the long patches of dark as the cool winds hit my face.

The metalic whirling of the heavy iron wheels lightened my mind. The sound which I always hated now sounded appeasing to me. The noise which seemed chaotic and shrill now seemed full of rythm and melody.

Everything is about perspective.

Sound of a train to an outside may be a noise, but to a passenger seating inside may be a source of melody- natures lullaby.

I kept looking outside at the distant light sorces, until they can no longer be seen and got replaced by new ones.

I was coming back to my home after a spending five years studying in Bangalore. I didn't knew what to feel- excitement; fear; thrill; sadness.

I kept looking outside, until my eyes tired out and I gave into my sleep.

The train reached the station at 3 am, and since I hadn't told my parents about my sudden trip back, Nishit was going to pick me up.
I took out my luggage and headed to Platform 12 where Nishit was already waiting for me in his pajamas and a woolen hat, which he likely stole from his younger sister.

"Yo! Long time no see."
I waived my hands and hugged him.

"Stop squeezing me!!!"
Nishit cried in a desperate attempt to free himself from my grip.

I loosened my grip and chuckled, patting his head. "I fucking missed you rich bratty excuse of a degenerate."

"Heh? As if I didn't knew that?"
Nishit smugged at me, trying to hide the awkward smile on his face.

'He still is the same guy I knew,' I sighed in relief as I picked up my bag and left the station.

"Sire, I already have forgotten your way home. Mind guiding me?"
Nishit looked at me while turning on the engine.

"You don't need to."

"Then where will you stay? On streets like all other filthy peasants?"
I bit my lips and turned glances as I knew I was in for a fight.

"Your residency is where I shall dwell."

"What? Inform whe-"

"I informed aunt before even booking the tickets. Even your sister knows it, I think."
Nishit starred at me with his tiny eyes, as if he was asking me, 'Really? You told them and they didn't even inform me?'

"Fine. Though I still don't believe you."
"Ye, Ye, whatever."

Nishit sighed as he pressed the gas and turned the steering.
