I missed Tinsukia.
While going through the roads of Tinsukia, old memories freshened up. Some were good, some were bad but cherished nonetheless.

I rested my back over and tilted myself, "Nishu, now what do you think of this Tinsukia?"
"Hmm? What?"
"Your thoughts- don't you think Tinsukia has changed too much?"
"Changed? Too much?"
"Bruhhhhhhhh"
"What?"
"When was the last time you actually took a drive around?"
"Last week, mother asked me to show a random cousin the town. Idk why she didn't ask the driver."
"So? Did you not notice any change?"
"What? Are you high?"
Nishit pressed the accelerator- the car paced, while I lied in the seat, baffled by the change.

"Sire, the we have reached the empire."
I looked at the bright sign board, and immediately went inside.

"Yo? Did you leave anything inside?"
"Can I sleep inside the car."
"Sire, the empress had herself looked to your staying. You can't refuse the empire's will."
"Tell your mom that I just am having another weird fit or whatever. I am sleeping in here. If she wants she can scold me later."
"The Imperator shall not waste his important sleep and deal with a peasant's tantrums. Sleep wherever you want, just don't call me till 8."
"Yeah! Sure."
"Okay, am leaving."
"Yeah! Sure."

"You are beyond saving. You enjoy your low-key life."
"if it's a low-key life where you sleep in a million dollar car, then I am more than happy to live it."
"Are you comming or not?"
"Nope."
"Then why did you even tell mom in the first place if you weren't even going to come inside~"

While some are cursed with inflated ego, I meanwhile am cursed with lying.

"You didn't tell her, did you?"
"Nope. But-"
"But?"
"I did inform your sister."
"It would've been better if you didn't inform her as well."
"Meh... So, Imperator, go and enjoy your sleep while I a peasant will camp here."
"Yeah, bye."
"Good night."
"Same."

Nishit went inside. I was alone in the car. 
The errie silence gave me goosebumps, as vehicles race on the dampened road. I curled up in a fetal position, and stared a picture, a picture of ones whom I keep dear.
"Welcome home, Abhijit."
I welcomed myself, and closed my eyes.
